Clarify package manager instructions (#17485)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/includes/package-manager-intro-sdk-vs-runtime.md

> Install the SDK (includes the runtime) if you want to make apps with .NET Core. Or, install the runtime if you only need to run apps. If you're installing the runtime, we suggest you install the [ASP.NET Core runtime](#install-the-aspnet-core-runtime), as it includes both .NET Core and ASP.NET Core runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the SDK (which includes the runtime) if you want to develop .NET Core apps. Or, if you only need to run apps, install the runtime. If you're installing the runtime, we suggest you install the [ASP.NET Core runtime](#install-the-aspnet-core-runtime), as it includes both .NET Core and ASP.NET Core runtimes.
```
